it's okay come on so be afraid come on
let's go
easy Oh trizzie okay yeah he seems to be
okay a lot of vines and stuff still in
the world did you get in there do you
need me to no come on baby it's okay I
know your foots stuck it's okay
his foot is stuck enough here we go oh
god I hope you're not injured okay come
on come on it's okay come on it's okay
baby
yeah you gotta go come on you smell me
hey oh my god can you walk we've done
anything broken
yeah I can't tell if he's got broken
legs or if he's just so he's been in
there so long you can't walk well um
should we call like the wildlife some
probably cuz I'm afraid he's not gonna
be able to get out of here by himself
where should we take him no me just get
me out of here first
walk he was walking I think he just cuz
he's been stuck there for so long he's a
little wobbly
yeah he's wobbly okay hi baby hi okay
it's okay we're gonna chow where's your
momma huh it's okay he's really skinny
but I'm like oh it's okay
no more of that nonsense